LSIF: GraphQL endpoints for LSIF dumps (#6250)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - The GraphQL PageInfo object now returns a string instead of an ID for its endCursor. This only affects the experimental paginated search introduced in 3.9, which now accepts a string value instead of an ID for its after parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The GraphQL `PageInfo` object now returns a `String` instead of an `ID` for its `endCursor`, and likewise for the `after` search field. Users of the experimental paginated search API introduced in 3.9 may need to update their usages to replace `ID` cursor types with `String` ones.
```
